Refactor certificate documentation - bring your own key ring (#4903)
zowe/docs-site: docs/user-guide/certificates-configuration-questionnaire.md

# Zowe certificates configuration questionnaire

:::info Required roles: system programmer, security administrator

If you know that you will be using certificates in a production deployment environment, and that you will be using an external certificate authority (CA), we recommend you consult with your organization's security administrator before you start certificate configuration.
:::

> Zowe's assisted certificate setup provides scripts and automation for five different common certificate configurations, with each configuration separated into distinct scenarios. To identify which scenario best meets your site requirements, review the Configure Zowe Certificates diagram and answer the questions presented in the questionnaire at the end of this article. The five different certificate setup scenarios we support are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zowe's assisted certificate setup provides scripts and automation for five different common certificate configurations, with each configuration separated into distinct scenarios. To identify which scenario best meets your site requirements, review the Configure Zowe Certificates diagram and answer the questions presented in the questionnaire at the end of this article. The five different certificate setup scenarios Zowe supports are:
```

* Scenario 1: Use a file-based (PKCS12) keystore with Zowe generated certificates
* Scenario 2: Use a file-based (PKCS12) keystore and import a certificate generated by another CA

> * Scenario 3: Use a z/OS keyring-based keystore with Zowe generated certificates

Reviewer: What do you guys prefer? Maybe we should ask the TSC and add it to the Zowe style guide.

Decide if you want to store the certificate in a z/OS keyring or to a file based keystore/truststore.

:::tip 
While using a keystore/truststore pair is possible to store your certificates, we recommend that you use z/OS key rings for production deployments.
:::

**Question 4:** Do you plan to use an existing certificate from another keyring or from a dataset?  
If you have an existing certificate, you can import or connect this certificate to the planned z/OS keyring based storage.

Before you import your certificates, check to make sure that the certificate format, type, and properties meet your security requirements depending on the planned deployment environment (DEV, TEST, PROD). For example, Zowe generated self-signed certificates may be acceptable with development or testing environments, but not with production environments.

Required certificate properties are covered in [the Zowe Security Glossary](../appendix/zowe-security-glossary.md#zowe-certificate-requirements).

## Next steps

> After you select your applicable certificate configuration scenario, you can proceed to [Certificate configuration scenarios](./certificates-configuration-scenarios.md).

Author: I'll frame up why users should be here at the start of the article and I'll try finding better language in this sentence. In short: Users are reading this article and taking the questionnaire so they can decide which of the 5 Zowe-assisted certificate generation scripts (a.k.a. scenarios) they will follow in the next article.
